Create ui-c8y-1023-32-2-prevent-additional-requests-when-dpg-is-in-the-real-time-mode.md (#4225)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-32-2-prevent-additional-requests-when-dpg-is-in-the-real-time-mode.md

---
date: ""

> title: prevent additional requests when DPG is in real time mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Prevented additional requests of the Data point graph widget in real-time mode
```
